feat(dockmanager): add info about new props (#304)
IgniteUI/igniteui-xplat-docs: doc/en/components/layouts/dock-manager.md

You can configure which end-user operations are allowed for a content pane using its [`allowClose`]({environment:infragisticsBaseUrl}/products/ignite-ui/dock-manager/docs/typescript/latest/interfaces/igccontentpane.html#allowclose), [`allowPinning`]({environment:infragisticsBaseUrl}/products/ignite-ui/dock-manager/docs/typescript/latest/interfaces/igccontentpane.html#allowpinning), [`allowDocking`]({environment:infragisticsBaseUrl}/products/ignite-ui/dock-manager/docs/typescript/latest/interfaces/igccontentpane.html#allowdocking) and [`allowFloating`]({environment:infragisticsBaseUrl}/products/ignite-ui/dock-manager/docs/typescript/latest/interfaces/igccontentpane.html#allowfloating) properties.

When defining a content pane, you can set the [`documentOnly`]({environment:infragisticsBaseUrl}/products/ignite-ui/dock-manager/docs/typescript/latest/interfaces/igccontentpane.html#documentonly) property to true so the pane can be docked only in a document host.

> To restrict the user interaction with the content pane and its content, you can set the [`disabled`]({environment:infragisticsBaseUrl}/products/ignite-ui/dock-manager/docs/typescript/latest/interfaces/igccontentpane.html#disabled) property to true. This will prevent all user interactions with the pane unless it is a single floating pane. The latter could be moved, pinned or closed (according to the pane's settings for pinning and closing), so the user can have a look at the elements under it but will not be able to interact with its content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To restrict the user interaction with the content pane and its content, you can set the [`disabled`]({environment:infragisticsBaseUrl}/products/ignite-ui/dock-manager/docs/typescript/latest/interfaces/igccontentpane.html#disabled) property to true. This will prevent all user interactions with the pane unless it is a single floating pane. The latter could be moved, maximized or closed (according to the pane's settings for maximizing and closing), so the user can have a look at the elements under it but will not be able to interact with its content.
```
